So everything that we've done already,
including a writing system that works
exactly like I've just shown you.
You can get all in one way, all in one
package with this thing called Choo.
So if you do npm install choo like this,
then you sort of get set up with
basically the architecture that I've just
laid out using most of the same modules.
In fact, it uses yo-yo and hyperx and bel.
And it's built around this
CSS system called sheetify,
which you don't have to use.
But if you wanna use it,
it works pretty well.
And this is just a way of managing CSS,
yep.
>> If you have the modules
within Choo already installed,
and then you install Choo,
would there be any conflicts or issues?
>> Not if you install Choo.
No, there shouldn't be any
problem with doing that.
Okay, so we can rewrite our code now
to use Choo instead of
doing everything ourselves.
So if I just make sure I
have it installed first.
Yeah, good, okay.
So we're gonna use Choo and that's gonna
set up some things like the router for
us that this push state and
a handful of other things.
But Choo itself is only 4 kilobytes, so
it can't really be doing all that much,
I figure.
Now instead of requiring yo-yo,
you can just require a choo/html,
which does the same thing.
It's using the same libraries even.
And now,
instead of calling emit on update,
we can emit,
the event name is called render instead.
That's just a convention
that Choo does for you.
Okay, so we can create an app, like that.
You can mount it onto the DOM,
so like this.
So we don't have to create
that root element anymore.
So we can get rid of that code.
Cuz we don't have to call our update
function right away cuz Choo is gonna
handle that now.
So don't have to have an update listener.
Gonna take our update code and
move it up a little bit so
that we can put it on a route.
So what that looks like
is you call app.route.
You give it a path where you
want this to be defined.
And then you provide a function.
And your function can
return this DOM tree.
So with hyperx, you actually get back
DOM elements because Morph DOM deals with
native DOM elements, not a virtual DOM.
So we can refactor our code a little bit.
Our routes, I think they get the state and
an emit object.
I forgot actually which one comes first.
I'm gonna look that up really quick.
Right, the state, yeah,
I get the order right, state then emit.
Okay, so now what's really nice
is we can't be tempted now
to call up bus.on to set up
some hacky listeners because we
only get access to the emit function for
this state management system.
So that's pretty handy.
I can update the stream handling code now
so that it's gonna do, I think choo.emit.
Well, we don't wanna do
the rendering there, but
we wanna do choo.emit or app.emit, sorry,
set-visitors now because the instance
itself is gonna deal with that.
We can get rid of our own
logic cuz Choo does that.
It's one of the few things that it does.
And now, instead of setting up the reducer
this way, what you do is app.use.
And then the app.use function,
Gets state and
the full event emitter,
not just the emit function.
So if I modify the order of
the arguments in our reducer,
it should work just the same.
I'm gonna go ahead and do that now.
So the state was the first argument and
the emitter is the second argument.
And now that I've done all of that,
it should work, I think, we'll see.
Great, and instead of setting up the
state, Choo is gonna track that itself.
So to initialize that kinda stuff,
we can do that in our reducer now.
So state.visitors = 0 and state.x = 0.
And ideally, this is fine if you
only have a couple of events.
But if you have more events and they're
sort of some are related and some are not,
like these aren't related events,
they deal with different
parts of the interface.
Then you can split those
out into separate files and
call use on them separately to
kind of give you more separation.
Okay, so I guess it could emit the update.
I don't think that I need to update
emit that event to begin with.
So if everything is working,
it's kind of a big unknown.
But I'll run npm run dev, and
I'll run the server again.
So, Here we go.
And our code still works, I think.
Wait, no, it was cached.
[LAUGH] Right, so one thing to be
a little bit careful about is because
we did app.mount body, you actually
have to have a body tag in your codes.
If you see that error, this is why.
I make that error all the time.
So don't feel odd.
Sorry, this I meant to do.
This takes a selector,
not a DOM element as well.
I think I've already logged an issue
about that, how it should do both.
But for the time being,
it does take a query selector.
Okay, there we go.
So I don't see the h1, but
I do see a button, which is good.
I think it's because I might
have to emit an event.
Right, this should be called
render now and not update.
And I'll just double check that we're
not doing update anywhere, okay, good.
And I think I need to update.
I think I need to emit
a render event right away.
Okay, that works like before.
And if I open a new one,
We get some error in our stream.
App.emit is not a function, apparently.
Maybe that was an interface
that it's going to have.
So-
>> Can you just emit?
>> What's that?
>> Don't you just call emit?
Cuz you are calling emit('increment-x')
and just without app.emit, it's just emit.
>> Emit isn't in scope.
So to make an emitter in scope,
I have to do .use.
I think they're gonna change that soon,
too.
Just kinda going off the discussion on
the IRC channel more than what the API is
currently.
There we go.
So it basically works the same as before.
So we ported our existing application
into this slightly more organized,
more structured way of doing it.
But the important thing, I think,
here is that when you use libraries like
this that are really tiny, and you can
kind of find the cluster of them that all
tend to work relatively well together.
Then you can build these kinds
of applications incrementally,
which I think is a really
powerful approach.
Okay, so
I'm gonna add all of that to the project.
And I'll push it.